As you saw before we not only had to map Optik being added but also the set.
Now what is a set a set list of just Values know key value pairs.
And I would say OK that's great right.
Well there was an array might have the same value multiple times therefore positioning is important
inside an array.
You might have an array which looks like this.
Then you've get the array which is 1 1 1 1 3 times 1.
And this would be not bill either.
It would hold three ones.
But if you want to access specifically the second one well then you have to identify by position now
a set.
On the other hand is created with the new set of checked with the new operator and it holds unique values
.
So if you add to that say disarrayed 1 1 1 and this is how you can initialize a set just by passing
the array of values.
Well then what you said.
Think of get in my loop for myself which I can of course do with the form of loop here.
So if I then print out my elements What do you think we'll see if I now had run just one because it
only holds 1 1.
The average You were kind of omitted because again it's Dorice unique values.
Therefore d ordering inside the set doesn't really matter because if you want to get an item from the
set Well there will be only one of it anyways so it doesn't matter WHERE it in the set of beliefs.
So a set is kind of like an array but unique Well use.
So each value can only appear once with this newly created set here of course I can also add a value
in that here I have the method not the set method because set would not be an appropriate name because
I'm not setting a value.
I would say that adding a value to you just set.
But of course if I add a value which is already in the set I'm not technically or writing it it's just
not done.
It's just a minute.
This operation is not executed kind of.
Because again all all the once each one has all old sort only once.
So if I add a two to the set and I hit run again.
Well of course we see 1 2 because 2 wasn't in the set yet so it was successful yet.
But here again just for completeness sake if I add two two times and hit run again we only see well
it being at once because of the uniqueness